# Angela Yu - Python Course
## Day 8
Day 8 starts 12 of January 2021. Well after New Year! Hangman took me nearly two weeks to finish! I was doing about an hour a day...
- I watched introductonary video.
- I have done function videos. I wrote [greeting program](greet.py) LOL
- I wrote [paint cans counter](cans_counter.py). I used less variables than Angela and put most of the code in one line...
- I created little [prime checker app](prime_checker.py). My first attempt ended with infinitive for loop, so I had to check a solution, which was surprisingly easy. What I did wrong was giving results straight in the loop, rather than outside..
- It is 16 of January and I started to write [ceasar cipher](encrypt-1.0.py) for Angela Yu Python course. I took different approach, I was not using parameters in function, which perhaps I should, but she didn't tell me this :) I may correct my code to do that, although it is not essential by the look of it.
- It is 17 of January and I  fixed shifting problem by adding if statement asking if alphabetPosition was higher than number of letters in alphabet and if so, substract 25 from alphabetPosition. [Here](encrypt-1.1.py) is the source code.
- It's 20 of January and I am frustrated. I tried to do my own version of this project, but because Angela puts her on, mny functionality is not compatible. It needs to be sorted, but not today I guess...
- It's 21 of January and I managed to fix the project in order to follow my idea of getting things done: I written decrypt() function and I changed variable names so they follow snake case. I think I have done quite a bit and now she wants me to combine functions... Here is the [source code](encrypt-1.6m.py)
- First version of combined [caesar](caesar.1.0.py) is now ready. I don't like it, but here we go!
- I worked on [caesar](caesar.1.2.py) and on top what Angela wanted I added closing app in event if user selects invalid option (neither decode or encode). I also simplified interface, so instead typing 'encode' or 'decode' as she wants, you just press 'e' or 'd' respectively. I also realised her code works different than interface suggests: it asks if you want to continue and it only stops when you type no, but asks to type yes to continue. Knowing this I have changed message to be more accurate and simplified interface. Now message looks like that: Type any key to continue. If you want to exit type 'e' and press ENTER.